Name: James Ren &Ziyuan Shang
Activity-Notes
D1. It gives usage of git and common Git commands used in various situations.
D2. It lists available subcommands and some concept guides.

E1. Setting your Git username and email for every repository on your computer.
E2. --Global is used to tell the command to read from only that location.

F1. ls -ad .*
F2. No.
F4. .git
F5. It deletes all the git related information like branch and version. 
F6. Check if there is a .git hidden file.

G1. what branch we are at, files that can be commited.
G2. add local file to the git repository.
G3. commit changes to  git repository.
G4. add all changed files; . means all files with a . 
G5. It will open the vim editor and allow you to write multi-line commit messages.
G6. git commit
G7. It tells you the commit history in order with Author, email, Date, and commit message

H1. Staged: files added to the git repository but not yet commit 
    Unstaged: files haven't be update to the repo 
    Untracked: new files exitsts locally, isn't part of the git repo
H2. only staged files will be commited
H3. git add <file>
H4. git reset HEAD <file>...
H5. git diff shows the changes of the unstaged files
H6. git diff -cached shows the changes of staged file
H7. git reset HEAD names.txt
    git add movies.txt
H8. movies.txt is both staged and unstaged, the old changes to the movies.txt
    remained staged. Therefore, the system believes that it may be a new file.
H9. In git status, it shows the status of names.txt as deleted. The system cannot
    find the file in local repo.
H10.movies.txt has been deleted, last-movies.txt is untracked. The system cannot find
    movies.txt in local repo, instead it finds a new file last-movies.txt
H11. git add . ; git commit
H12. added but hasn't been commited
H13. so developer can change or test in the local repo before commiting.

I1. reset the most recent commitment 
I2. reset the most recent commitment without putting files on staged
I3. soft putting files on staged, hard didn't. 
I4. most recent commit 
I5. first parent of HEAD

